# Kusama Parathread Registration

## Manual Test Protocol

### Block Production and Runtime Upgrade
1. Edit and launch: `launch-rococo-local-with-shell.json`
    * add path to `pokladot-0-9.3-local-testing`
    * remove the parachains
    * run the edited file.
2. Reserve ParaIds up to 2015
3. Register Parathread with id 2015 and wait two sessions until it is onboarded:
   * clangenb needs to use these files for registration:
      * shell-rococo-local-dev.state
      * shell-rococo-local-dev.wasm
   * brenzi these, as they contain integritee-keys:
      * shell-rococo-local.state
      * shell-rococo-local.wasm
   
4. Run integritee-collators:
* clangenb: Two collators for both dev authorities: 
```shell
 ./integritee-collator --dave --collator --tmp --parachain-id 2015 --chain shell-rococo-local-dev-spec.json --port 40335 --ws-port 9946 -- --execution wasm --chain ../integritee-parachain/rococo-local-raw.json --port 30337 --ws-port 9981
 ./integritee-collator --eve --collator --tmp --parachain-id 2015 --chain shell-rococo-local-dev-spec.json --port 40336 --ws-port 9947 -- --execution wasm --chain ../integritee-parachain/rococo-local-raw.json --port 30338 --ws-port 9981
```

* brenzi: collators for some initial authorities (this command is untested):
```shell
  ./integritee-collator --collator --tmp --node-key-file <aura_authority_key_file> --parachain-id 2015 --chain shell-rococo-local-spec.json --port 40335 --ws-port 9946 -- --execution wasm --chain --chain rococo-local-raw.json --port 30337 --ws-port 9981
```

**Caveat:** `rococo-local.json` needs to be generated by polkadot-launch because it updates the original spec. Hence,
if a plain spec produced by the build-spec command is used, the genesis is different.

5. Upgrade parathread to parachain via `sudo.call(parasSudoWrapper.sudoScheduleParathreadUpdgrade(2015))`
6. Verify:
    * Wait until the parachains are upgraded and produce blocks.
    * Make a transfer and check that fees are applied.
    * Make a `vesting.vestedTransfer` and check that vesting works.
9. Perform a runtime upgrade with:
   * clangenb: `sudo.sudoUncheckedWeight(system.setCode(integritee-rococo-local-dev.wasm))`
   * brenzi: `sudo.sudoUncheckedWeight(system.setCode(integritee-rococo-local.wasm))`
10. Verify:
    * That the new pallets are included
    * Make a transfer and check that fees are applied.
    * Make a `vesting.vestedTransfer` and check that vesting works.
    
    
The above procedure has been verified by clangenb with the following artifacts:
* shell-rococo-local-dev-spec.json: https://github.com/scs/integritee-parachain/suites/3026845104/artifacts/68637746
* shell-rococo-local-dev.state: https://github.com/scs/integritee-parachain/suites/3021133529/artifacts/68473982
* shell-rococo-local-dev.wasm: https://github.com/scs/integritee-parachain/suites/3021133529/artifacts/68473983
* integritee-rococo-local-dev.wasm: https://github.com/scs/integritee-parachain/suites/3026845104/artifacts/68637736

### Verification of keys and token allocation

Verify that:
* Integritee Sudo Address: 5EqGFRTN3m2kLpoaThANra5REs5C7B2rfLmmZv2nbJsxaTe1
* Root has 10MTEER
* Total Supply is 10MTEER
* ParaId is 2015:

Key and Resource Allocation has been verified by clangenb with the following artifacts:
* shell-rococo-local-spec.json: https://github.com/scs/integritee-parachain/suites/3026845104/artifacts/68637747
* shell-rococo-local.state: https://github.com/scs/integritee-parachain/suites/3026845104/artifacts/68637742
* shell-rococo-local.wasm: https://github.com/scs/integritee-parachain/suites/3026845104/artifacts/68637743